Aaron L Weisman
Aaron M Panner
Aj Kramer
Alan Gura
Alexander W Ross Jr
Allison M Zieve
Amanda C Leiter
Amy Howe
Andrew J Pincus
Andrew S Oldham
Anita Alvarez
Ann O'Connell
Ann Oconnell
Anthony A Yang
Anthony Kennedy
Anthony T Falzone
Anthony Yang
Antonin Scalia
Arthur F Fergenson
B Eric Restuccia
Barbara D Underwood
Barry Barnett
Beau B Brindley
Benjamin C Mizer
Benjamin J Horwich
Benna Ruth Solomon
Bert W Rein
Bill D Bensinger
Bradley S Phillips
Brian P Lauten
Brian W Carroll
Bridget C Asay
Bryan S Gowdy
Bryan Stevenson
Candace Cain
Carla S Sigler
Carolyn A Kubitschek
Carter G Phillips
Celia A Davis
Chad A Readler
Charles A Rothfeld
Charles J Cooper
Charles S Sims
Chris Koster
Christopher A Hansen
Christopher G Browning Jr
Christopher J Paolella
Christopher Landau
Christopher P Burke
Clifford M Sloan
Collyn Peddie
Conal Doyle
Corey L Maze
Craig G Goldblatt
Curtis E Gannon
D Kent Safriet
Damien M Schiff
Dan B Johnson
Dan Himmelfarb
Dan Stormer
Daniel D Domenico
Daniel H Ruttenberg
Daniel N  Lerman
Daniel R Ortiz
Daryl L Joseffer
David A Lane
David A Moran
David Boies
David C Frederick
David E Mills
David M Neff
David Oneil
David Sterling
David W Bowker
Deanne E Maynard
Debo P Adegbile
Deborah Jones Merritt
Deborah K Brueckheimer
Deepak Gupta
Donald B Verrilli Jr
Donald Specter
Donna R Andrieu
Douglas F Gansler
Douglas Hallwarddriemeier
Douglas Laycock
Dustin Mcdaniel
Earle Duncan Getchell Jr
Edwin S Kneedler
Elaine J Goldenberg
Elena Kagan
Elizabeth L Jacobs
Emmett D Queener
Eric D Katz
Eric D Miller
Eric J Feigin
Eric Schnapper
Evan A Young
G Eric Brunstad Jr
Geoffrey M Klineberg
George T Conway Iii
Ginger Anders
Ginger D  Anders
Ginger D Anders
Glen D Nager
Glen P  Gifford
Gregg H Levy
Gregory A  Castanias
Gregory A Beck
Gregory G Garre
Harvey A Schwartz
Herald Price Fahringer
Ian E Silverberg
J Gordon Cooney Jr
J Michael Jakes
J Scott Ballenger
Jaclyn S Frankfurt
James A Feldman
James Bopp Jr
James F Hurst
James H Kaster
James W Bilderback Ii
James W Dabney
Jamesa J Drake
Jane Webre
Jason D Hawkins
Jay P Lefkowitz
Jeffrey A Lamken
Jeffrey B Wall
Jeffrey Fisher
Jeffrey I Tilden
Jeffrey I Weinberger
Jeffrey L Fisher
Jeffrey S Bucholtz
Jeremiah Collins
John A Payton
John B Howard Jr
John C Jones
John C Neiman Jr
John F Bash
John F Farraher Jr
John F Maddrey
John F Preis
John G Roberts
John J Bursch
John N Koester Jr
John P Elwood
John Paul Stevens
John R Ates
John R Kroger
Jonathan A Willens
Jonathan D Libby
Jonathan F Mitchell
Jonathan S Franklin
Jose Garza
Joseph M Sellers
Joseph R Guerra
Joseph R Palmore
Joseph W Jacquot
Joshua D Farley
Joshua E Rosenkranz
Joshua T Gillelan Ii
Judith H Mizner
Judith Resnik
Kannon K Shanmugam
Karl E Hays
Katherine Winfree
Kathleen A Lord
Kathleen M Sullivan
Kenneth M Mogill
Kent E Cattani
Kent L Richland
Kerry A Scanlon
Kevin K Russell
Laura G Ferguson
Lawrence S Robbins
Leigh Gross Latherow
Leondra R Kruger
Lewis Liman
Lisa B Freeland
Lisa Call
Lisa S Blatt
M Carolyn Fuentes
Madeleine C Wanslee
Malcolm L Stewart
Margie J Phelps
Mark A Perry
Mark C Fleming
Mark H Cohen
Mark P Walters
Mark R Bendure
Mark T Hurt
Mark T Stancil
Martin N  Buchanan
Mary R Ogrady
Matthew C Lawry
Matthew D Roberts
Matthew T Nelson
Matthew Wh Wessler
Meir Feder
Melissa Arbus Sherry
Michael A Delaney
Michael A Mcgill
Michael E Manely
Michael J Benza
Michael J Meehan
Michael Kellogg
Michael L Foreman
Michael R Bigelow
Michael R Dreeben
Michael S  Fried
Michael W Mcconnell
Miguel A Estrada
Miguel Estrada
Nathan Lewin
Neal K Katyal
Neal Kumar Katyal
Nicholas Q Rosenkranz
Nicole A Saharsky
Pamela S Karlan
Patricia A Gilley
Patricia A Millett
Paul Bender
Paul Castiglione
Paul D Clement
Paul Hoffman
Paul J Beard Ii
Paul M Smith
Paul Rq Wolfson
Paula S Bickett
Peter D Keisler
Peter J Eliasberg
Peter K Stris
Petitioner Patricia A Millett
Petitioner Scott D Makar
Pratik A Shah
R Ted Cruz
Randall L  Allen
Raymond A Cardozo
Reuben C Cahn
Richard  Bourke
Richard Blumenthal
Richard Cordray
Richard D Friedman
Richard Guerriero
Richard P Bress
Rick M  Schoenfield
Robert A Long Jr
Robert D Bartels
Robert F Friedman
Robert M Yablon
Robert S Glazier
Robert T Fishman
Roberta A Kaplan
Ronald Eisenberg
Ronald Mann
Roy G Davis
Roy T Englert Jr
Ruth Bader Ginsburg
S Kyle Duncan
Samuel Alito
Sarah E Harrington
Scott D Makar
Scott L Nelson
Sean E Summers
Sean K Kennedy
Sean R Gallagher
Seth M Galanter
Seth P Waxman
Shay  Dvoretzky
Sheldon E Richie
Sonia Sotomayor
Sri Srinivasan
Steffen N Johnson
Stephanos Bibas
Stephen B Kinnaird
Stephen C Fitch
Stephen C Gordon
Stephen E Eberhardt
Stephen G Breyer
Stephen J Cullen
Stephen M Shapiro
Stephen R Bruce
Stephen R Mcallister
Stephen R Mccullough
Stephen Sanders
Steven Alan Reiss
Steven D Gordon
Steven J Wells
Steven R Shapiro
Steven S Rosenthal
Steven T Wax
Susan K Smith
Susan M Freeman
Theodore B Olson
Theodore J Boutrous Jr
Thomas A Dubbs
Thomas C Goldstein
Thomas C Horne
Thomas G Hungar
alma jackson
Thomas H  Geoghegan
Thomas J Whalen
Thomas M  Michel
Thomas M Byrne
Thomas M Hefferon
Thomas Peters
Timothy A Baughman
Timothy S Bishop
Timothy T Coates
Toby J Heytens
Todd G Scher
Todd M  Schneider
Todd Marshall
Unidentified Justice
Valerie R Newman
Vicki C Jackson
Walter Dellinger
Ward A Campbell
Warren A Wolf
William Dunnegan
William J Young
William M Jay
William R Maurer
Wm Robert Long Jr
Zackery P Morazzini
a benjamin goldgar
a hugo blankingship
adam b wolf
adina h rosenbaum
alan b morrison
alan edward untereiner
alan m freedman
alexander a reinert
alexander f reichert
allen lichtenstein
amy howe
amy zapp
andrea k spillars
andrea n cortina
andrew d herman
andrew j harakas
andrew j pincus
andrew j rossman
andrew l frey
andrew stuart birrell
andrew zwerling
ann michele g higgins
anthony kennedy
anthony yang
antonin scalia
arthur h bryant
arthur r miller
barbara b mcdowell
barbara d underwood
barry r ostrager
benjamin c mizer
benjamin l coleman
benna ruth solomon
bernard e restuccia
bert h deixler
beth s brinkmann
beverly p downing
beverly van ness
billy h nolas
bradford colbert
brent e newton
brian f barov
brian j reichel
brian shiffrin
brian wolfman
bruce c smith
bruce j ennis
bruce j ennis jr
bruce j terris
bryan stevenson
c christopher trower
c jonathan benner
c mark troutman
caitlin j halligan
carl w thurman iii
carol f jorstad
carolyn m snurkowski
carter g phillips
catherine e stetson
catherine w smith
charles a rothfeld
charles alan wright
charles condon
charles m sevilla
charles t frazier jr
cheryl c nield
christine a hogan
christine s dahl
christopher a wray
christopher g browning jr
christopher j meade
christopher lovell
christopher m kise
christopher s brasher
clarence thomas
clay riggs smith
clifton t hutchinson
clint bolick
colli c mckiever
connie l lensing
conrad hafen
corbett gordon
corinne a beckwith
courtland l reichman
craig e stewart
craig l crawford
craig t jones
curtis e gannon
cynthia h hyndman
d bruce la pierre
dan himmelfarb
dana c hansen chavis
daniel a small
daniel h bromberg
daniel m traylor
danielle spinelli
daryl j brand
daryl joseffer
david a friedman
david a furlow
david a goldberger
david a moran
david a strauss
david b kaplan
david b salmons
david c frederick
david c mattax
david c todd
david d lawrence
david h souter
david j burman
david jeremy bederman
david l mccolgin
david l rose
david lew
david m porter
david m smith
david oneil
david p gauldin
david r haberbush
david w mccreadie
david w robbins
david wycoff
dean r gits
deanne e maynard
debo p adegbile
deborah a labelle
deborah jane chuang
dennis e egan
dennis p riordan
dexter w lehtinen
diana l gustin
donald b ayer
donald b verrilli
donald b verrilli jr
donald e de nicola
donald francis donovan
donald j ramsell
donna d domonkos
douglas hallward driemeier
douglas k mertz
douglas r cole
douglas r oelschlaeger
drew s days iii
e john blanchard
e joshua rosenkranz
edward c dumont
edward h tillinghast
edward l marshall
edwin s kneedler
elizabeth s kertscher
eric  s multhaup
eric d miller
eric h zagrans
eric m albritton
eric schnapper
ernest g lannet
ernest gellhorn
erwin chemerinsky
eugene e stearns
evan mark tager
eve c gartner
frances t grunder
francis h young
francis s ainsa jr
frank cicero jr
frank w dunham jr
franny a forsman
frederick ao schwarz jr
frederick e connelly jr
g eric brunstad jr
g robert blakey
gary feinerman
gary s feinerman
gen john w suthers
gen seth p waxman
gen steve six
gen theodore b olson
gena a bunn
gene c schaerr
george h kendall
george j chanos
george parker young
george s lemieux
george waters
gj rod sullivan jr
glen d nager
glenn w rhodes
greg abbott
gregory a karle
gregory andrew castanias
gregory g garre
gregory g katsas
gregory oduden
gregory s coleman
h bartow farr iii
harold c becker
harvey grossman
ira s sacks
irving l gornstein
j andrew nathan
j bart delone
j bradley oconnell
j douglas richards
j wallace malley jr
jack william campbell iv
jacob c cohn
james a feldman
james al holifield jr
james b comey
james b koch
james bopp jr
james c backstrom
james c linger
james k leven
james l deano
james m hood iii
james m petro
james p ginzkey
james r carty
james r layton
james r young
james w colbert iii
james w dabney
janet a metcalf
janice l bergmann
jason e murtagh
jay a sekulow
jay d geck
jay sekulow
jay starkman
jay t jorgensen
jean claude andre
jean m manning
jeffrey a lamken
jeffrey j keyes
jeffrey l ehrlich
jeffrey l fisher
jeffrey m sewell
jeffrey mk laurence
jeffrey p minear
jeffrey s sutton
jennifer l smith
jere krakoff
jeremiah a collins
jeremy friedlander
jerome c muys
jill m wichlens
john b draper
john c eastman
john cornyn
john d cline
john g kester
john g roberts jr
john george knorr iii
john h blume
john h weston
john j arnold
john j gibbons
john jp howley
john knodell iii
john m economidy
john p elwood
john p krill jr
john p mcdonald
john p todd
john paul stevens
john q lewis
john r wimmer
john s mills
john w nields jr
jonathan a nuechterlein
jonathan b cole
jonathan l marcus
jonathan s franklin
jordan steiker
jordan w lorence
joseph d oneill
joseph d schleimer
joseph h mattingly iii
joseph l parkhurst
joseph r guerra
joseph s sollersiii
jules lobel
julie goldscheid
juliet l clark
kannon k shanmugam
karl j koch
kathleen m sullivan
kay h hodge
ken murray
kenneth l thomas
kenneth m rosenstein
kenneth n flaxman
kenneth w starr
kent l jones
kent l richland
kevin c newsom
kevin j culligan
kevin k russell
kevin m schad
kimball r anderson
lars r isaacson
laura w brill
laurence h tribe
laurence s gold
lawrence c brown
lawrence e long
lawrence g wallace
lawrence rosenthal
lee boothby
leigh marc manasevit
leonard  h gerson
leonard b simon
leonard j koerner
leondra r kruger
linda j thompson
linda m olivieri
lisa blatt
lisa h schertler
lisa m bassis
lisa madigan
lisa s blatt
lisa s gochman
lisa schiavo blatt
lloyd b miller
louis j rovelli
m carolyn fuentes
m miller baker
malcolm e wheeler
malcolm l stewart
marc fernich
margaret a katze
maria t vullo
marilyn g burkhardt
mark  t hurt
mark a johnson
mark d olson
mark d rosenbaum
mark i levy
mark j bennett
mark l horwitz
mark r lippman
mark w biggerman
martha coakley
mary catherine bonner
mary h williams
mason d morisset
mathew d staver
matt kenna
matthew d roberts
matthew j edge
matthew km chan
matthew m shors
matthew s freedus
matthew w wright
maureen a hart
maureen e mahoney
mauricio a flores
michael  g frick
michael a cardozo
michael a carvin
michael a newdow
michael a scodro
michael b mukasey
michael c walton
michael e haglund
michael e mclachlan
michael e moore
michael e rosman
michael gordon
michael gottesman
michael h gottesman
michael j cahill
michael k kellogg
michael k wolensky
michael m rosenbaum
michael machat
michael p fleming
michael r dreeben
michael r smith
michael t leibig
michael w gross
michael w hawkins
michael w mcconnell
miguel a estrada
narda pierce
neal k katyal
neal katyal
nicole saharsky
owen t armstrong jr
pamela s karlan
patricia a millett
patrick irvine
patrick j coughlin
paul a banker
paul a strandness
paul d boas
paul d clement
paul f utrecht
paul g gardephe
paul j orfanedes
paul l hoffman
paul m de marco
paul m rashkind
paul m roadarmel jr
paul m smith
paul r q wolfson
paul s rehurek
paul salvatore
paul stern
paul t cappuccio
paul w cane jr
peter gold
peter j brann
peter j rubin
peter neufeld
peter stirba
philip n jones
philip w savrin
pratik a shah
priscilla j smith
quin denvir
r edward cruz
r hewitt pate
r jonathan hart
r stuart phillips
r ted cruz
ralph e meczyk
randall j roske
randy e barnett
rebecca j harper
richard a mescon
richard a salzman
richard b kendall
richard d bernstein
richard g taranto
richard j diaz
richard j lazarus
richard m cooper
richard o faulk
richard p hogan jr
robert a long jr
robert a swift
robert c owen
robert corn-revere
robert d klausner
robert e dolan
robert h brownlee
robert m foster
robert mastrocola
robert n hochman
robert q harris
robert radasevich
robert s peck
roberto a lange
robinson o everett
roger b greenberg
ronald d maines
ronald eisenberg
ronald j mann
ronald j nessim
ronald j vanamberg
ronald molteni
ronnie m mitchell
rosemary curran scapicchio
rosemary e percival
ross c moody
roy t englert
ruth bader ginsburg
samuel a alito jr
samuel issacharoff
samuel j buffone
sandra day oconnor
sarah h bohr
scott d makar
scott g bullock
scott n hunt
sean d jordan
seth k schalit
seth kupferberg
seth m galanter
seth m hufstedler
seth p waxman
sharon c samek
sri srinivasan
stephen b bedrick
stephen b bright
stephen b mccullough
stephen g breyer
stephen m kissinger
stephen m shapiro
stephen r mcallister
steven c sherman
steven e mercer
steven f hubachek
stuart kirsch
stuart l somach
stuart m riback
susan k ullman
susan l seitz
susan s wagner
t christopher kelly
tara k allen
terence j cassidy
terry m boudreaux
theodore b olson
theodore p metzler jr
theodore s allison
theresa r wilson
thomas a barnico
thomas c goldstein
thomas e caballero
thomas e moseley
thomas f gede
thomas g hungar
thomas h shipps
thomas j davidson
thomas j miller
thomas l casey
thomas m fisher
thomas o barnett
thomas w hillier ii
timothy b dyk
timothy crooks
timothy m kelly
timothy s bishop
timothy t coates
toby j heytens
todd g vare
traci l lovitt
troy n giatras
unidentified justice
unknown
verna l williams
victor s haltom
virginia a seitz
w james young
w warren plowden jr
walter e dellinger
walter e dellinger iii
walter hellerstein
walter j rockler
wellon b poe jr
wesley w horton
william  j brown
william b collins
william b mallin
william bradford reynolds
william d coston
william f sullivan
william h rehnquist
william j boyce
william j kayatta jr
william m jay
william m smiland
willis j goldsmith
